Welcome to the Investors Podcast. I'm
your host Trey Lockerby and today we
have back on the show my man Alex
Lieberman. Welcome back.
Thanks for having me. It's always uh
embarrassing to be here because you got
you have like the world's greatest
podcast voice and I just always feel so
self-conscious when I join the show.
Oh man, coming from you that means a
lot.
No, seriously amazing radio voice.
I appreciate that. Well, last time you
were on the show you had just sold
Morning Brew. you were kind of I think
kind of figuring out what to do next.
And there is this idea I think that when
you sell your business for millions of
dollars that gives you the permission to
just kick back and relax and you know
take some time and you know the
billionaires we study especially and it
looks like you as well who I consider to
be a future billionaire would be you
know the exact opposite. And you know, I
heard this quote from Kevin Olirri
recently and he said, um, he said,
"Success is not owned, it's rented, and
rent is owed every day." And I wonder if
you relate to that. Like, what's been
your experience as you've been kind of
navigating what to do next?
Yeah, it's um, you know, it's one of
those things where
you grow up hearing uh the the stat,
right? um you only need to make $75,000
a year and at that point uh every
marginal dollar there's a decrease in
marginal benefit to your happiness
study. Yeah.
Yeah.
And you hear that and you're like oh
that's interesting that makes sense. Um,
but you don't necessarily like, at least
for me, I didn't like intuitively
believe it. Like I didn't behave in my
life as as as if I believed that because
if I truly believed that, then I would,
you know, get to $75,000 in salary and
then spend time on anything else that
maximized my joy. Um, and you know what
I found was basically like the
hypothesis like was the happiness study
talked about all the time but I really I
think I had to experience it for myself
to re realize how true it is. You know
we we were talking before about this but
after selling the brew
I would say my happiness was actually
significantly lower than it was before
selling the brew. And the reason for
that was, you know, I had um some money
that was put away into a bank account.
My lifestyle didn't change. You know,
what have I done since selling the
business? I've move I've moved to Hobok
in New Jersey. I have a dog. Uh and and
I've gotten engaged. And those are all
things that would have happened
irrespective of selling a company. Um,
but all that basically what has happened
is the void of identity, right? Like my
identity was so tied up in Morning Brew.
Alex, the CEO of Morning Brew, that's
that's how the world knew me. That's how
I knew myself. And so I started feeling
um a lot of anxiety around what next? I
felt anxiety around not feeling like I
was growing anymore. Uh I felt anxiety
around uh kind of imposttor syndrome,
you know, and it probably sounds crazy
to people on the outside of like like
dude, you just built a successful
company, you sold it, but like that's
not how I internalize it. For me, it was
damn Alex, you know, you're basically
pulled along for the ride for the last
six years. Uh it was all luck, no skill,
and now the decision you have to make is
do you want to prove to yourself or to
the world that you're not a onetrick
pony? And I say all of this with the
caveat that like I don't think I I try
to spend a lot of my time now kind of
triangulating around like what is the
that actually gives me energy and
happiness when I spend my time but for
sure right after selling the business I
felt this pull to have to build
something else to stay relevant which
again when I think think about that
statement it's so ridiculous because
it's like who am I trying to stay
relevant for
it's super interesting. I you know I
recently
well you are busier than ever it would
seem where you've got multiple podcasts
going. I your personality and your
personal brand has just shot up I feel
like in the last 6 months you're you've
got top 10 podcasts hitting the charts
and I recently read a tweet that said
you know it used to be about a brand
would be the focal point and it would
associate itself with the personality
but nowadays we have this thing called
the creator economy that I think is
still pretty nent but building like
super fast and now it's almost like the
personality comes first and that's the
powerhouse and then the brands are
secondary. People are going to the
source of this individual to follow and
then then going to the commerce from
there. And you you've become this expert
at growing an audience first with
Morning Brew and now your own brand. So
I'm curious if if you follow this theory
and and if I'm on to something here.
Yeah, I mean
I hope you're right because we're
betting the house to have morning brew
on this and in a lot of ways I'm betting
I'm like taking fully levered bets on my
career on this exact notion. Uh yeah, I
mean I actually think what I think is
that there hasn't actually been a
behavioral change. Meaning I think
individuals have always
followed individuals aspired to be like
other individuals but the platform and
the connectivity didn't exist for those
individuals to wield as much power right
and so um Ben Ben Thompson talks a lot
about you know how the value chain of
content has changed significantly right
it used to be where the most powerful
companies or brands, players in media or
content were the ones who owned
distribution. meaning the newspaper
company owning the printing presses and
the delivery routes, the TV companies,
you know, o owning like the channels and
owning the infrastructure to get TV to
homes, radio stations having broadband
and basically with, you know, you think
about in three steps, all of them
sitting within the word technology, you
had the the creation of the internet.
All of a sudden, billions of people with
devices could now feasibly be connected
with one another. Social media, the
platforms now that were aggregating
attention and all of a sudden they were
the most powerful players in the world
because no longer was it's so costly to
distribute content because it was the
internet. And then finally, the final
piece on top of social platforms was, I
would say, the tools that gave creators
the ability to not just build audiences,
but to create products and monetize
products. And so, yeah, I think we're in
a fascinating time right now where you
see media companies like Morning Brew,
uh, going allin on building brands
that are built on the back of a creator
and I can talk about what that looks
like at Morning Brew all the way to
creatorled businesses being launched,
right? So, even talk about a recent
experience, I invested in Feastables,
which is uh, Mr. Beast's new chocolate
bar brand ultimately going to be way
more than just chocolate will be an
entire CPG brand, right? But Mr. Beast
arguably the most powerful creator on
the planet. And not just the most
powerful creator, the guy gets more
views than, you know, late night TV
gets. Um, and so not only do I believe
he's going to be a billionaire in the
very near future, but if you think about
it, all of a sudden you launch a
chocolate brand with Mr. Beast, you get
many things. One is you get a massive
built-in marketing channel. And so in an
age where paid marketing is more
expensive than ever before, I don't know
the exact number, but for example, for
Morning Brew, the cost of acquiring a
high-quality subscriber today relative
to six years ago when we started the
company, multiples higher. And so cost
of marketing is going up, tools are in
the hands of creators to build
audiences. And so I think it makes a lot
of sense the idea of launching uh brands
like companies with creators in
partnership with creators who have built
large heart loyal audiences because you
get the built-in marketing. The creator
themselves almost acts as not just your
marketing department but your creative
and brand department around product
design around the website because that
is their natural skill set. You also get
naturally like influencer marketing
built in because think about how many
people Mr. beast knows in the creator
economy that are going to show and share
his new chocolate bar on their videos,
right? So, there's such a collateral
effect. And also think about, okay, say
they're selling these products via
e-commerce, but they want to break into
retail. I can't think of an easier pitch
in the world. Hey, target. This guy who
has 90 million subscribers on YouTube in
his videos that get tens of millions of
views, he wants to talk about his
chocolate bar that people can go buy at
their closest target. These massive
companies clearly want younger foot
traffic. Like to me, it's a layup. And
so, I just think having basically
built-in creative R&D and marketing
paired with a great product and brand is
a massive unlock.
Yeah, you can almost see how Mr. beast
goes public someday, right? I mean, that
could be where we're heading right now.
It's it's really insane. You talked
about the ad spend competition and I've
heard you talk about how Google and
Facebook seem to have it might be more
than this, but it was at the time I
think around 60% of like all the ad
spend in the world. It's like going to
these two companies and of course Google
has YouTube and you know a number of
other things. So, is that what's driving
the competition? you had this this huge
wave of people trying to get attention
through ad spend, but it's just it it's
like this uh a thousand people through
the exit, you know, trying to get
through two companies.
I think I think it's the combination of
dollars moving from traditional
advertising to digital. So that's one
big trend. So simply just supply demand
imbalance. Far more demand coming in
than there is supply on these sites,
right? And that's why these sites do
everything humanly possible to keep you
on these sites, right? There's a reason
that when you go and post on Twitter or
you post on Facebook and you include an
outbound link to another company's
website, that's why your posts get
throttled is because why would Twitter
want to send you somewhere else? Because
it makes it that much harder to be able
to monetize your attention and eyeballs
if you're not staying on their site. So,
it's one this huge shift of traditional
advertising dollars moving to digital.
The second is over time uh these
businesses just raising the CPMs on
their real estate, right? They
effectively have an a monopoly on a
given piece of real estate. They're
going to raise their prices on it. And
the third is you're seeing, you know,
the privacy changes with iOS, with
Apple, uh where no longer can these
companies follow people around their
devices. And so it makes uh advertising
on these plat platforms less precise
than it was before these policy changes.
And yet the cost is going up.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Well, listen. Okay. So, Feastables is an
example of your angel investing that I
know you've been doing a lot more of in
the last year.
Now, growing your own brand and your own
personality and getting hundreds of
thousands of followers on Twitter, etc.,
and getting all this attention, I
imagine that increases your deal flow as
an angel investor all of a sudden,
right? Where things are coming across
your desk more often. people are wanting
you attached to the the gig. Is that is
that a good or a bad thing? I mean, I
would say obviously there's some good
and some bad. I'm just curious which
weighs out. And then also like what have
been some of the trials and tribulations
of just becoming an angel investor over
the last year?
Yeah, I think um
the the hardest thing for me as an angel
investor uh has been twofold. It's been
ma allocating enough time to to make
sure I'm being thoughtful in how I'm
allocating my own capital.
And
the second has been
maybe this is the the through line of my
career, but like imposttor syndrome.
Like who am I to be able to make great
picks around companies with very little
experience? Um, and and if I'm not
confident in my abilities to do that,
why am I allocating my own capital to do
that? Like like that's kind of the the
imposttor syndrome around it. But what
I'll say is I get a lot of value out of
it. Um because obviously I hope to to
drive strong returns on my own capital,
but beyond that there's like this
there's this intangible ROI of the
osmosis that happens from just spending
a time ton of time helping founders,
helping them fund raise, helping them
connect with investors, helping them
think through their product strategy, uh
helping them think through their content
uh strategy. And so I've just gotten a
ton of value. It has made me more
thoughtful as an entrepreneur by
spending time angel investing. And
again, you can take two approaches
approaches as an angel investor, right?
You can be active or passive. Passive
being you just write a bunch of your own
checks or you write checks as an LP into
funds. And that's not necessarily a bad
strategy. There's just it creates
different options. For me, I've wanted
to be active because to me, angel
investing is an it's an investment
decision that secondarily is an
educational opportunity. And so, I try
to be active with all the businesses I
work with as it relates to deal flow.
Yeah. To me that that is not only like
the advantage of building an audience
but it is also I find it to be a
necessity for me to give myself a chance
of driving good returns especially early
in my angel investing career when I
don't necessarily believe yet that I can
be a better than average picker like
basically I operate under the assumption
that I am going to be an average picker
in the beginning because I need to get
enough reps to understand what to look
for. And so the only way that I'm going
to be able to drive above average
returns is see above average deal flow.
And so to me, creating content, building
audience as it uh acts as a natural
magnet. And the cool thing that I've
also found is a lot of tur um VCs are
now looking for both operators to
involve in rounds as well as creators.
Like I think it is very much uh a
natural thing now for let's just use an
example of Andre to carve out a portion
of their round for people who have built
audience basically as kind of going back
to the idea we were talking about before
a built-in marketing channel for that
business when they raise and so I think
being considered or um thought about as
one of many in this is in this category
of creators gives you deal flow by way
of this new standard of carving out for
creators in in rounds for startups.
So with that, I'm I'm kind of curious,
you know, now that you have a
personality attached to your
investments, are you does that limit you
in any way to only using products that
you would use personally? You know, I'm
just curious if you've come across
something where like, well, that's not
for me, but it's definitely a good
business.
What does that look like? Yeah, I mean
it's a great question because to be
honest, the hardest thing for me has
always been uh
understanding the value prop of a
product and the opportunity of a product
that I'm not very familiarized with.
Right? I even talk about always like
building morning brew. Not that it was
easy, but it was far easier than if I
was not the consumer myself. I was the
consumer of my own product. And so yes,
like if I look at a number of my
investments, I am a a consumer or
hypothetical hypothetical consumer of
this product. Um, what does that mean?
Well, one, I do try to stay within kind
of like the suite of things that I could
be a customer for or something I get to
a place where I really feel like I was
able to empathize with whoever this
customer is. So, especially right now,
do I think I'm going to be the world's
greatest B2B SAS investor? No. I do not.
But maybe that's like a space where I'm
like there's someone who's spending 24
hours a day
thinking through the the ins and outs of
B2B SAS. Maybe I write a track as an LP
because I I'm betting on them and I
believe there's opportunity in the
space. And so I generally focus on
businesses where I very clearly can put
my shoes myself in the shoes of the
customer, media businesses where there's
an opportunity to invest, which I would
say is rather limited from a venture
investing perspective. Um, passion
businesses, so like I love investing in
businesses where the audience is a
rabbid audience, which is also why again
creator-led businesses I love because
you're naturally latching on to a rabbid
audience to start. And the final would
be businesses where content strategy is
a very clear remmit of their of their
strategy. And so I can actually be value
ad as an investor to help them think
through how they built build out their
content program as an accelerator to
their business. And so I'll give you an
example.
One is this company called Atlas which
is streamlining the um the visa process
for uh non-domemestic travelers because
getting an international visa for non uh
US citizens is incredibly laborious
takes a ton of time and so the product
basically streamlines everything from
call it a 3 week to monthlong process to
a two-day process.
Am I the customer? No. But I was able to
get to a place where I could see how
this was really really painful and how
people would pay because it was so
painful. And I also knew that content
like profiling some of the people who
are their customers and are their
travelers, content is a big part of
their strategy to drive demand. And so I
knew that was a place I could actually
add value and truly like help increase
the value of the business over time.
You know, I've noticed that a lot of
people in the creative in the creator
economy, let's call it, are flocking to
products that are in so quote unquote
the metaverse or web 3 or have Dows or
what do you, you know, what's the
takeaway here? Why are people so
attracted to this kind of model, would
you think?
Well, I think there's a few reasons. One
is when when there's any new technology
people are attracted I I think two types
of people are attract are attracted. One
is technologists because it's an
opportunity to really be on the
frontier. The second is creative people
because when you're in a totally blank
space like that is a creative dream to
really like to to to be a trail blazer
within a new framework. Anytime you have
a new industry where there's alpha uh
significant uh alpha or uh asymmetric
information or dislocation, there are
always going to be opportunistic human
beings like throughout time. That is a
behavior that will never change. And so
I think a lot of what you're seeing even
like in the world of NFTTS is entirely
uh opportunistic. And again, I don't
think that is good or bad, but as both
an investor or an entrepreneur, I think
it is your job to
spend enough time in it to ask the right
questions and cut through the noise so
you truly understand where the value
lies.
Kind of curious why you haven't taken
the route of, let's say, doing an angel
list uh fund. You know, a lot of
personalities do that as well where
they'll say, "Hey, I want to invest
alongside of me." Right? And I'm sure a
lot of people would want to do that with
you. What has been your hesitation with
that?
Yeah, look, I think doing that makes a
ton of sense, right? We've seen everyone
from uh Sahil Levvenia to Naval to my
co-founder Austin to uh Sahill Bloom
like these guys have all created uh
funds or rolling funds and I think it
makes a ton of sense, right? Uh
not that it is not that right now is
necessarily a hard time to raise capital
um but having an audience, right? Like
people can can raise $10 million like
that off of the back of the correct
Twitter audience in a given week and
it's it's remarkable. Um so I think it's
an amazing opportunity. The honestly it
was a very personal decision where it's
just like I didn't want another
full-time job. Uh, I
I like the ability to write checks using
my capital when I choose, but alo but
also if I wanted to stop doing it or I
wanted to just like take a break for a
month, I have that luxury. In my mind,
when you raise a fund, you're an
entrepreneur. You are building a
business. You have a responsibility to
the people you have raised from. And
unless I knew I would go all freaking
into that, I don't want another
full-time job, at least in that
capacity. I'm also not convinced, by the
way, a lot of PE entrepreneurs go the
entrepreneur to investor route. I'm not
convinced that's the route that I want
to go yet.
You
know, a lot of people understand this
concept of having a competitive moat,
but it's most often associated with a
business, for example, and we're talking
a lot about personalities right now. So
I'd love to explore the ways you've
thought about building a personal moat
especially around having what you've
called social and financial currencies.
Yeah. So this idea of a um of a personal
moat I actually you know I got the
concept from Eric Torberg uh who is one
of the uh founders of on deck. He wrote
a Twitter thread about this. But
basically the idea of a personal moat is
you can think about it just like a
company mode, right? So uh company mode
you think about is basically what it
what is the strategy or unique advantage
of a company that allows it to establish
power and maintain power for a long
period of time. And if you want to think
about like what are the things that
create most for businesses I think
Hamilton uh Helmer's book seven powers
is kind of like the bible for
understanding what generally creates
sustainable power things from switching
costs to uh economies of scale brand
power um etc. And so I think about
personal modes the same way just in the
context of an individual. Basically the
question you should ask yourself if
you're if you're wondering you know what
is my personal mode as a professional or
as an entrepreneur is very simple do I
have a unique accumulating advantage in
my career if so what is that advantage
and so when I think about a personal
moat basically I think of it as a
compilation of skills and knowledge that
when combined together in kind of This
recipe um gives you sustainable
advantage, meaning if you're a
professional in a company, it makes you
highly regarded where your job security
is high. If you're an entrepreneur, it
makes you really good at leading your
business. And so, you know, there's a
few examples that uh come to mind when I
think of people who have built personal
moes. The first is, and it's going to be
controversial that I say this, but like
Gary Vee, I love Gary Vee. I think the
guy's a genius. I know there's people
who think that he just shouts on the
internet, but basically I break it down
into
your personal moat is defined by your
interests, your skills, and then the
asset that that moat creates. So Gary
Ve's interest, his deep interest that
motivates him is building businesses.
His skills are the combination of
self-awareness, empathy, and
storytelling. And so empathy in my mind
relates to his ability to have uh his
finger on the pulse of what consumers
are doing which gets him involved in new
technologies or businesses early. So
NFTTS it was V friends baseball cards
and collectibles he did that before it
became big uh early investor I believe
in Uber and in Twitter. And so for him
what is the asset that he's built from
this kind of compilation of skills? It
is a massive engaged audience that
acrrews value when he sleeps. And the
way that I think about this combination
of skills is all you're trying to do is
basically it's less about being a 10 out
of 10 in any given skill, but it's more
of if you're an eight out of 10 in
self-awareness, an eight out of 10 in
empathy, an eight out of 10 in
storytelling. Well, generally you're a
10 out of 10 in that mix. It's what
David Prell calls the personal monopoly
when it comes to writing. And so for me,
as I think about my career, whether it's
with Morning Brew or building other
businesses, I'm constantly thinking
about
what are the basically what are my
unique skills, my natural superpowers
that I'm just willing to spend more time
sharpening than anyone else I know, and
how do I line those up with my deep
interest to create an asset for me over
time. And so for me, my skills I would I
would say are vulnerability,
uh, empathy and creativity. And I
believe over time what that will allow
me to do is to build large engaged
audiences and large engaged businesses
with strong cultures. That doesn't have
to be the combination to build an asset
such as an audience or a business, but
it is an example of how to do that.
Now, speaking of uh speaking of the
creator economy and this web 3 thing, I
feel like the word of the last maybe
year, 6 months, whatever you want to
call it, is community. You have everyone
in their mom talking about, hey, how
community is the new, you know, it's not
customer acquisition cost, it's
community acquisition cost nowadays. But
one of the key modes that I think a lot
of people are familiar with is a network
effect. And I've I've heard you talk
about how a community can have a
negative network effect over time,
right? If you think about it, the more
people come in, kind of the wider out
the bell curve you're going and the the
quality can decrease from that. So, I'
I'd love to hear you talk about the
negative uh network effect around
communities.
Look, I'm uh I'm running a founders book
club right now. I freaking love this
book club. And why did I do it? It was
when I was like after moving out of my
role as CEO of Morning Brew, I was
fiending for something to build and grow
and I didn't care what it was. I just
needed to build something. And so I
started picking like timebound projects
so I didn't have to commit myself to the
next seven years to something. And so I
was like, why don't I just build a book
club? I'm I'm trying to read uh I can
force accountability with other people
and I get to meet other founders. So
anyway, we're we are uh two are we two
books into this thing? Yeah, we're two
books into this thing. The first book we
read was The Sovereign Individual, which
is a big book, especially in in the uh
crypto community um written in 1998 by
well-known investors. Basically
predicted everything from crypto to
COVID. Uh the second book we read was
the Will Smith memoir. Phenomenal book
um that I think investors and
professionals can learn a lot from. But
anyway, there's 20 of us in this group.
When we do our book club meetings,
there's eight people in a meeting. And I
I asked the group this week. I'm like,
"Okay, guys, you know, gearing up for
round three. I was thinking about
opening up the group. What do you guys
think about it?" And there was like like
palpable anxiety from the group around
opening it up at all because I think
they feel like such a special and safe
space to have open conversations, not
just about the books, but just like
their own lives, their own motivations.
And I think their concern is okay as we
open it up, not only how is the quality
of the the new entrance going to stay
high, but also how do we moderate
quality conversations when instead of
eight people on a Zoom, we have 30
people on a Zoom. And so it's a very
real thing. I think a lot of people
espouse the value of community. It's
also just fascinating that it's like a
thing right now because community has as
far back as time like religion is one of
the you know the the first versions of
community. Uh even before that like you
know our kind of like primal the primal
version of ourselves there's community
to protect ourselves from predators like
community has always been a massive
thing because it's hardwired into us the
importance of connection to others. And
so I find it interesting and peculiar
why it's like so zeitgeisty right now.
And so all I'd say is yeah, it's really
important. It's always been important.
Very few people can actually build
strong community because you talk a lot
about it and then you go and try to
manage a community and it's a ton
of work. And you know to give props to
one community I'm in, there's a crypto
community called uh crypto packaged
goods CPG uh that was uh started by
Chris Cantino and Jamie Schmidt Schmidt.
Um, and it's exceptional, but the amount
of time and effort they have put into
cultivating this now, I don't know,
2,000, 3,000 person community is crazy.
Like, there are people basically working
full-time jobs to moderate this
community. Um, and so what I would say
is it's super important. Uh, there's a
huge difference between community and
uh, brand affinity, which I think people
conflate a lot. And yeah, the hardest
thing about community is how to scale
it. um you know was the number one thing
when I invested the first or sorry the
second angel investment I ever made was
in this uh sneaker community soul savvy
um and I you know I'm incredibly bullish
on what they're doing because going back
to you know my interest in passion
communities sneaker collectors are
insane people in the best way about
their sneakers and so to have a
community where you get to share your
collection talk shop with other
collectors also get notified of upcoming
drops so you can buy things on the
primary market before it hits the
secondary market. Makes a ton of sense,
but they've had to do a lot of different
things to preserve community while
scaling a business that's all based on
community. And the the example I give is
I'm not sure if they still do it, but
early on basically they had a rule that
every time their community got to,00
members in Slack, they run it through
Slack, they would have to create a new
Slack instance. So now they have
multiple slack instances for soul- savvy
members. None of them are over 1,200
people and they've had to build out the
technology for when they post something
to soul savvy members, it cross-osts to
every single community.
That's fascinating. I'm kind of curious
like that reminds me almost of like the
early days in in email marketing so to
speak before you had Mailchimp and some
other things. Where do you where do you
see what's the solve for that as they
continue to scale?
Yeah, I mean it's it's a great question.
I think what's going to have to happen
is technology is going to have to just
get better and better at managing
communities while maintaining their
intimacy. Um, I just think that
there's basically you, you know,
platforms are going to have to be built
that allows people to always feel that
like they're in an intimate group with,
you know, eight or 10 people even if the
group actually is 50,000 people. But
that is incredibly difficult to do. And,
you know, you see little glimpses of
this. You see it with Zoom, you know,
doing their breakout rooms. But if
you're talking about building a business
truly around community, um, you know,
something like a Discord channel with
15,000 people and getting hit up by bots
on the side is not going to cut it.
90% of the coffee at grocery stores is
stale. You heard that right. The coffee
you know and think you love needs an
upgrade. Instead of rebying the same old
same old, let Trade Coffee send you
something freshly roasted that you're
guaranteed to love. Trade Coffee sells
the freshest roasted and ethically
sourced coffee beans from America's best
local roasters. They ship free to you as
often as you like, whole or ground.
Whether you like instant coffee or want
the latest exclusive geisha trades real
coffee experts taste over 500 roasts and
use technology to match you with your
ideal coffee based on your taste
preference and brewing. Take the coffee
quiz to get started. Trade guarantees
you'll love your first bag or they'll
replace it for free and help support
small businesses. Trade has created over
100 local jobs across the US through
their roers. The coffee is shipped in a
backyard compostable bag. You can
literally bury your coffee in the bag
they ship it in. Their subscription is
no hassle. Skip shipments, change your
frequency, or cancel at any time. Right
now, Trade is offering a total of $20
off your first three bags. That's more
than 16 cups of coffee for free. You
know, and community being around since
religion is a great example. What what
also has been around I feel like forever
is exclusivity and how valuable that is
and what the value that comes from that.
just you you you were in New York, you
know, just drive around any street where
there's a new nightclub and you see the
the demand, you know, out the door. It's
not that dissimilar. I I'm kind of
curious because you started your career
in New York. You were at Morgan Stanley.
So, and then you start this really, you
know, equities focused
uh email letter, I would say. I mean
obviously equity related, but as you've
entered angel investing, I'm kind of
curious. Have you bolstered up or kind
of gotten into equities at any point?
Are you are you looking at soul are you
looking at soul savvy as much as you're
looking at, you know,
Berkshire Hathaway or something like
that? I mean, are you playing those
markets as well? You know, my approach
has been I feel
so incredibly fortunate to have built up
a really strong capital base at 28 years
old. And so, you know, basically my goal
as it relates to getting smarter about
uh scaling my wealth is really like so
when I'm talking about like studying the
equity markets or reading through a 10K,
I literally just want to get smart
enough to ask the right questions. Um,
and the reason I say that is
I now have financial adviserss who are
managing my money. Um, and I want to
just be smart enough to ask the right
questions as they're deciding how to
allocate my capital. I don't want it, at
least right now, to be my full-time job
to allocate my capital. I also don't
have the the the personality where I'm
like looking at my portfolio every day
seeing you know what my single name
stocks are doing. I have an interest in
it but really I would say 70 75% of my
portfolio ma actually 70% is basically
uh you know uh
70% of my portfolio is basically just
index funds in the S&P. My view is just
take the base that I've built up and
literally don't look at it for 50 years.
That that's that is my view. And then
the other 30% is to hopefully create
some alpha in the portfolio. So, you
know, start putting some money into um
real estate via uh you know, via
Blackstone via their uh their REIT. Uh
they're doing a a bunch of single family
home rental invest investing. I've
allocated, you know, let's call it
somewhere between five and 10% to other
alternatives. So that be uh crypto that
be uh angel investing and private
equity. But again 75% is sitting in just
uh large value and growth stocks that
I'm gonna that I've set and forget
basically for the next five decades.
That's a good way to sleep well at
night, you know. I I I respect it. I
really do. I just it's it's an
interesting almost like dichotomy
between your background and you know
where you're going now.
It it is. And I think also like again
people um
people look at entrepreneurs and I think
they assume they're super riskloving.
And I would actually I would say I'm not
a super riskloving person. Um I there
are people in the startup space that I
know uh basically have 95% of their net
worth tied up in crypto right now. Um,
even the idea of like raising tens of
millions of dollars uh from VCs, like
that even makes me uncomfortable because
I like the idea of running cash flowing
profitable businesses that you can then
reinvest in yourself even if it means
you have to grow a little bit slower,
but you can sleep at night because
you're not a hemorrhaging cash. And so I
always say that because like I think
there's a spectrum um of risk tolerance
for entrepreneurs and I would say I I
sit closer to um risk mitigating than
risk loving and I think that shows also
in how I invest. You know it's not like
I have all my money sitting in
treasuries or munis but like I just all
I want to just do is compound uh my
wealth by on average 7 to 10% a year for
the next several decades.
makes a lot of sense.
When it comes to a couple more points
around angel investing, one I'm
particularly interested in because I've
done a little bit of angel investing
myself, but not nearly as much as you.
I'm just curious like one kind of
upfront issue I saw right away is that
everything looks great. You get a deck
sent to you and it's going to be the
highlight reel. It's going to be
polished. it's going to have, you know,
and and that's where I'm like, okay, I
got a new found respect for venture
capital because, you know, they have to
stiff sift through everything and they
all look great. So, I'm kind of curious,
has that been your experience and and
what have you kind of done to build a
filter for that?
Yeah, it's um it is really really hard.
I think also to your point, it really
depends on the stage you're investing
in, the way that you think about it. You
know, whether you're investing uh preede
and seed or let's call it series A and
beyond. How much you're thinking
basically about like the the intangibles
and kind of like the the traits of the
founding team versus how much you're
actually looking at the financials of
the business. uh the the growth um in
terms of whether it's users, customers
or revenue and so for me just to give
context like I have focused generally on
preede and seed and I struggled exactly
with what you're talking about because
my natural way of I think there's two
very different brains especially in
building businesses I would say one uh
I'll call it the uh the eternal optimist
which is really the person who just
always sees possibility
what's possible. Um, and it's a great
way of being, but there's also there's
trade-offs to that, right? The trade-off
is maybe you're a little bit too
reactive because you don't see cracks
when they start forming. Uh, maybe it
forces it gets you to not ask if
something should be done differently
enough. On the flip side, the there's
the other brain, which I would call the
bomb sniffing dog of business, which is
the brain that is naturally saying,
"What's wrong?
not inherently bad either of them, but
there are trade-offs. And so what is the
trade-off with the bomb sniffing dog?
Well, you can come off as pessimistic.
You could come off as not seeing
possibility. You could cut things off
too early because you you only see the
negatives. For the first, the eternal
optimist, again, uh it could uh prevent
you from being proactively
intellectually rigorous. And so I think
understanding where you live on the
spectrum of bottom sniffing dog to
eternal optimist is really important. I
I sit closer to eternal optimist. And so
to your point in the beginning as I was
getting uh decks, I'd be like, "Yeah,
this looks great. This looks great. This
oh I talked to that person. They're
freaking awesome." And and so there's a
few things that I've done to try to take
the emotion out of it and the excitement
out of it. One is I never make an
investment decision anymore while I'm
talking to the founder. I always create
a separation of at least 24 hours. It's
kind of like the Seinfeld rule that Tim
Ferrris talked about with Seinfeld where
Seinfeld, you know, the way he thought
about the rule was he would write new
jokes and you feel really excited about
those jokes and he would never show them
to anyone else for 24 hours because he
didn't want people to ruin the feeling
of excitement that he had. But I used it
in the same way. Use time to separate
emotion and action. The second is, and I
I actually heard my co-founder Austin
talk about this, which is why I started
doing it, is uh forcing founders to show
memos, like to show past investment
memos they've sent or answer questions
over email because to me, what that
strips people of is like uh
salesmanship, which is an incredibly
valuable skill, but I think it can be
limiting from an investor's perspective
because you can be wooed by the wrong
things. And uh you know the third is
that I force myself every time I
approach um uh a decision around an
investment I write an investment memo
for myself. Basically the the eight
Alex's in my brain are just the
investment committee for me and I always
ask the same questions and part of the
questions that or one of the questions I
ask is basically if it hits the fan 6 to
12 months from now why why did it hit
the fan? And I should never leave that
blank. Uh and the other thing I do is I
write down what my emotional state is
when uh I've made that decision. And I
basically got this kind of decision
journaling framework from Shane Parish
uh from Farnum Street and it just helped
me basically all these exercises are
what I would say is to
necessarily strip yourself of excitement
and optimism for a brief period of time
to think clearly.
Are you actually going back and re is it
is it the simple act of writing that's
powerful or are you actually going back
and reviewing those you know a year
later and finding them through the
notebook and saying oh here's what I was
thinking.
Yeah it's a combination. Uh I'd be lying
if I said I reviewed every single
decision journal that I've written. Uh
it the the act of writing it not only
super helpful for me but I send it to
other people to have them poke holes in
it. But for some of these, I am adding
into my calendar six months from now, a
calendar invite with an attachment to
the memo or uh when I end up hearing
about uh one of my portfolio uh
companies raising another round, I'll
just have the natural trigger in my mind
of looking back on the memo and seeing
how my thesis is playing out and whether
it's a really strong raise or not a
strong raise. I basically get to look
back and say, was my decision- making
sound here? Or is the result that is
happening right now based off of luck
versus skill?
I want to talk about luck because I've
heard you bring it up a few times,
especially around, you know, meeting the
right co-founder as you did with Austin.
Yep.
And I feel like I feel like recognizing
luck is underrated. And I kind of perk
up when I hear people bring it up or
talk about it cuz I'm like that the
identifification of luck is just rare uh
or too rare in my opinion. So how do you
think about luck in life and business
and now investing?
Yeah. So
this is the first time I'm saying this
but I think the way that I think about
it is right luck absolutely exists. And
I think in my mind there's two types of
luck. There is uh controlled luck and
uncontrolled luck. Meaning luck that you
actually
uh luck
skill that is uh disguised as luck,
right? Like you actually had a a a hand
in the luck that occurred versus luck
that you had no hand in. So I'll give
you an example of of both. uncontrolled
luck. Luck that I had no hand in would
be me being born as a white man in a
privileged neighborhood in New Jersey,
being able to quit my job from Morgan
Stanley because I had the privilege of
having a parent who would cover my rent
for 6 to 12 months when I tried to start
my business. And so when people say I
took a big risk, I remind them of
exactly how things went down and how the
risk I took was so much less than many
other people in this country. That is
what I call uncontrolled luck. I had no
hand in that.
Controlled luck is what I would call
meeting Austin.
The skill or the say that I had in this
is that I made the decision when I was
my first semester senior year at
Michigan that rather than spending nine
hours a day playing FIFA, uh I was going
to spend three hours a day playing FIFA
and the and the other period of time
writing this newsletter because I saw a
problem and I also wanted to keep myself
sharp around business. Uh, I had I would
say I had a hand in it that I reached
out to people saying, "I'm looking for
help on this newsletter. Let me know if
you're willing to help me." The luck is
the fact that Austin decided to reach
out to me. He decided to say that he
wanted to get involved and that I
brought him on as kind of this
co-founder for a hobby and he ended up
being the perfect partner for a very
significant business. So that's where I
think, you know, everyone says, uh, you
know, create more luck surface area. I
think creating l luck surface area is
really just saying where do you have a
hand or where can you leverage skill to
make luck occur more frequently uh
because you're just giving yourself more
shots at luck. That's how I would
describe controlled luck. Uncontrolled
luck is you're you haven't done anything
to your surface area. You're just lucky.
I love that. It kind of reminds me of
this discussion I had with Jim Collins
who reminded me that there's also bad
luck, right? And you know that that is
also a variable here. And when he
studied, you know, through his research
on thousands of companies, he basically
found that what he he would call it
return on luck. So every company he
studied had good luck and had bad luck.
And it was those who could mitigate the
bad and capitalize on the good and
actually get an ROI on it that were the
ones that won out.
I think that's really interesting. And I
think uh the reason that's such a
powerful thought is the idea of luck. I
think uh the reason it's a an
uncomfortable idea is like we as human
beings like being in control. Uh and
when you're dealing with luck, it it
purports that you're no longer in
control. something happened that was out
of your control. And I I find what I
find fascinating, I don't know if this
is what Jim was thinking about when
writing about return on luck, is that
the idea of return on luck to me puts
luck back in control. Basically saying
something happened as a function of
something you couldn't control, but it's
what you control, like what you do after
the fact because of you make a decision
based on what you can control. And that
really shows your abilities beyond luck.
shows how you leverage skill in the face
of luck.
I love this concept of control and I
think it's a good segue to talk about
something we haven't really talked about
a lot on this show but it kind of ties
into your your latest project which is
mental health and as you're a founder
especially uh you got to find ways to
control your mental health and and
support it and control in my mind is
reminding me of this book I read by
Pimmacodron who yeah basically it's
called life is beautiful and the synops
I mean basically summarizing it it's
like all of human suffering comes from
this not all of human suffering but a
lot of human suffering comes from this
idea of trying to find stability in a
world that is just fundamentally
unstable. you know, things are fluid all
the time, constantly changing underneath
you, and you are just trying to grab on
to something and hang on to it and
control. And that word just kind of
resonated with me as you said it. And
I'm kind of curious about your
experience with mental health and
anxiety. And especially as you've been
talking about it with your new show,
Imposters, what is really interesting to
me about you is the success you've had
to date. So for example, a lot of
people, myself included, I've been a
founder, I've been an entrepreneur, and
I've had anxiety tied to my business as
I'm growing it, but with this idea that
okay, but as soon as we get somewhere,
then I won't have anxiety, right? I will
have I have arrived. And it sounds kind
of like you've somewhat identified your
anxiety post uh let's call it your first
success, right? And I'm curious if you
became more attuned to that having sold
your business or is that something
you've been mindful of all along?
Yeah, you know, there's so much here,
but
that to to comment for a second on
control. The reason I think the idea of
control is is so profound is because
everything
that gives us anxiety or causes fear is
based on something out of our control,
right? Like and so if you think about if
you mentally shift every day if you
focused your attention on the stuff that
you could actually control, control what
you can control, you very quickly see
how
things kind of like noise falls to the
the wayside, right? I'll just give you a
random example.
Um
there was
someone who
uh reached out to me uh or sorry there
was someone who had posted or had
tweeted basically saying that
there was um a uh a founder, this is
them talking, there was a founder uh
with a big audience on Twitter who uh
copied my idea. What should I do? And I
saw this and this person I had been
DMing with recently. It's like, hm, are
they talking about me? And so in that
moment, I got really anxious about it,
right? Because the last thing I would
ever want to be considered or one of the
last things is like an idea stealer. And
so
what I couldn't control in that scenario
was how they were feeling. What I could
control is taking the impetus to reach
out to that person rather than through
the grapefine communicate with them. So,
I sent them a message and I said, "Hey,
is this tweet about me?" And they said,
"Yes, period." And and I said, "Uh, and
they they explained why they thought I
had copied their idea." And I said to
them, "Look, I I I understand what
you're saying, and I I understand why
you're concerned about this. If you'd be
open to it, I would love to explain to
you um all the facts from my side." And
that's all I can do. I can't control how
you feel about this, but what I can
control is giving you all the
information so you can decide what you
think happened. So asked them for their
number, got on a phone call, basically
talked for the next 45 minutes. The
first 30 were us basically talking
through this. The remainder was like it
was like we were good friends. And I
give that example and you know the the
long story short is uh I can very
confidently say that I did not steal
this person's ideas, but it it didn't
matter what I thought. The whole thing
was I w I could control the information
that I gave them. And I think for a
large part of my life, the things that I
was anxious about were things that I
couldn't control. So I'll give you an
example. My whole life I've had OCD.
It's heredit hereditary. My dad had OCD.
For him it manifests in the form of like
uh clean OCD. The guy was purelling his
hands everywhere. He you know he passed
when I was a junior in college but we
always joke now like COVID would have
been the worst freaking thing with him.
He he he would have been a head case
during this but for me one of the ways
it manifested was um was in different
forms. One of the forms was like health
OCD where after my dad passed away, I
was obsessive about my health and I was
worried as someone who exercised a
decent amount that one day I'd be
running on the treadmill and my heart
would just give out and I'd be one of
those people who died really young from
um from their heart stopping. And so
what would happen is I would spend a lot
of days where I'd just be so fearful of
working out. I would have the fear of
dying each time I worked out. And I
would ask myself, what can I control
here? What can I control? And what I
could control in these scenarios was
pushing myself to be uncomfortable and
work out every day. And for the person
who's not experiencing this, right? It
sounds kind of crazy because most people
aren't worrying about their heart
popping while they're running. But that
was a thing for me. And what I
controlled was the thing I could control
was the action of facing that fear. And
so, you know, to bring it back to mental
health, I've I've been aware of my
anxiety and OCD for a long time. The
reason I think I've spent a lot of time
recently thinking about it and helping
people with it is one,
I've found the profound effect that me
talking about it has had on people,
right? Just even talking about
imposttors, the reactions to this show
about people feeling like they were
heard for the first time in their life
about struggles they've endured for
decades. It's like it if it makes me
feel more purposeful than anything else
I've ever done in my life. And then the
other piece going back to the money part
is, you know, when I realized that
selling the company and um and and
having the proceeds from the exit did
zero to impact my happiness. I think it
acutely focused me on one very simple
truth, which is that the way that I and
we all perceive the world is truly the
most powerful thing in a good way or a
bad way. And so the best investment I
can make in myself is giving myself the
tools to see the world clearly.
And so that's why I spend so much time
on it is because I realize no matter
what happens, whether I have a lot of
money or I don't. Uh my perception of
everything that occurs in my life,
whether I perceive that as good or bad,
is based on the clarity of my thinking.
And to think clearly, you need the tools
to navigate that, especially at times
when it's really hard to think think
clearly.
Well, I think it's resonating with a lot
of people, especially over the last
couple years where we've had a lot of
existential external forces also adding
to the anxiety, right? And you know,
someone we've had on the show multiple
times, Jesse Sler is someone I look up
to a lot. I just feel like he's found
this amazing balance of meaningful work,
meaningful relationships. But the other
day on Instagram, he was sharing what he
called his quote unquote medicine,
right? And it was this kind of laundry
list of sauna, breath work, running,
marathons, 2-hour swimming, you know,
ice baths, etc. It's like this all these
things he has to do to kind of like, you
know, calm his nervous system.
I I saw I saw him do one of those uh ice
plunges.
Oh, yeah. It's it's incredible, right?
And you know, I've I've had this talk
with other people because I follow
follow a similar format, but mine is
also inclusive of, you know, therapy and
CEO coaching and massage and
acupuncture, meditation, and all of a
sudden it becomes like a second or third
job just to kind of, you know, manage.
And I'm kind of curious because I've
heard you frame this up as something I I
hadn't heard before, but it's called
your your mental health stack. You know,
similar to a tech stack that people
might be used to running a company. talk
to us about your mental health stack and
how you kind of developed it over time.
Yeah. Well, and just to to quickly react
to what you're saying, managing your
mental health, especially when it's in a
in a challenging place, is a full-time
job. There were absolutely times as CEO
of Morning Brew that I did not do my job
effectively because I was literally just
trying to survive isn't the right word,
but like get through the day. There was
a time in um was in 2018 when I had my
first panic attack. I had a sleep
induced panic attack. Basically,
you know, uh it's normal for people to
either when they first fall asleep to
like kick their foot uh and and kind of
like jolt yourself up or like uh you
know, to have saliva in their mouth. For
me, I literally like choked on my saliva
where it normally wouldn't do anything.
But because I was in a certain headsp
space, I basically told myself, I'm not
breathing correctly. And when you get
the thought that you're not breathing
correctly, it it's over. like then you
start not breathing correctly and then
you're asking yourself are you breathing
correctly and so basically for two or
three hours my mom on speakerphone had
to like talk me off the ledge of like
you're going to be okay you're not going
to pass out but for the next call month
before seeing a psychiatrist ending up
uh getting prescribed for medication I
had panic attacks every day and so there
were times when I was in the office and
I would just be sitting in a meeting and
I wouldn't be talking and then all of a
sudden this like jolt of anxiety would
hit me and I would feel like the room
was closing in on me. Like everyone was
focused on me in that moment and I'd
have to leave the room. I would
literally have to go walk outside
because I felt like I was going to break
down. So I I hope it just paints a
picture, especially for people that have
not experienced panic um panic attacks
or anxiety to the point where it can be
debilitating that at times it was
absolutely my full-time job over running
Morning Brew. Um, that's the first
thing. The second as it relates to my
mental health stack. Basically, the way
I think about it is
my I think of my um my mental health uh
on a spectrum from like one it's called
like perfect calm, 10 being the worst
anxiety that I've ever experienced in my
life. And to me, there are a group of
things on my mental health stack that
take my base level steady state anxiety
and bring that down or bring it up if
it's not taken care of the right way.
And then there are things that help
basically lower the fluctuations.
And so, for example,
kind of the trio of self-care things
that I do. So, exercise, sleep, and
diet.
When I have not taken care of one of
these things for more than three days,
my baseline moves from what I would
argue is typically a three or four to a
six or seven. It's like that big of an
impact.
Um, and of course, you know, I haven't
given up drinking, but on days that I
drink the next day as a function of
probably the alcohol itself as a
depressant slash me not getting as good
of sleep, baseline always higher. the
other things that I do. So I have a
therapist, I have an executive coach, um
I meditate and the the the fourth is um
kind like me educating myself. So
reading books like you know uh Buddhist
texts reading people like Pemma uh
reading uh J Shetty's think like a monk
reading Ryan Holidayiday's uh daily
stoic all of these things to give myself
the mental tools and the way I think
about those is those are the things when
I am experiencing heightened anxiety
those are the things that lowers the
peaks um basically what is the toolkit
that allows me to react to things
happening
and so That's that is my mental health
stack. And it's different for everyone.
But I I guess the secret here is I would
say 90% of it for me is those first
three things that I named. Again, super
boring and simple, but I just find has
the biggest impact on my mental fitness.
You see, I absolutely love this
discussion because this is another side
of success that isn't often explored.
And we we talk a lot about billionaires
on this show and we study them and and
how they became successful. But this is
such a huge component. I mean to get
someone where they need to be. I would
argue you know when you bring up diet
for example that you know Buffett almost
jokingly gets uh you know teased all the
time for having this childlike diet
where he
Oh yeah,
hamburgers and ice cream and Coca-Cola
every day. In fact, I've seen him at
6:00 a.m. getting an interview with a
bowl of Oreos next to him, you know, and
that's what he's munching at 6:00 a.m.
And, you know, people tease him for it.
I'm like, "This is his vice."
Totally,
right? This is his vice. And like, he's
got $145 billion on his mind. I mean,
that's just the cash he has, you know,
not to mention the half a trillion, you
know, company he's dealing with. That
puts a lot of pressure on you and you
have to manage that. I just find this
this so interesting and and you you're
you're doing an interesting thing here
studying successful people and talking
about their anxieties and you brought up
your OCD and how it's kind of a
tendency. I remember Carson Daly was on
your show talking about uh GAD so
generalized anxiety disorder
and I I'm kind of c that's actually you
know something I've
I've diagnosed through my therapy with
ADHD that I have. I'm curious if you if
you find it with uh tendencies like that
or other disorders most often because
you know when I hear that kind of stuff
sometimes I think about well well who
doesn't like is there someone maybe Will
Smith right but like who doesn't have
this that they have to manage
well so I think this really um this hits
at the heart of like what is mental
health uh because you know some would
say that mental health is basically
the clinical disorder ers per the DSM
that, you know, the main mental health
basically encyclopedia or textbook,
the way I think about mental health is
like everyone lies on a spectrum of
mental health. Um, and also people
experience mental health uh I would say
chronically and also mental health
acutely based on situations in life. The
reason I say that is I believe the art
like the suggestion that everyone lives
on the spectrum also makes it that much
more important that everyone builds
their toolkit because at some point even
if people don't have say generalized
anxiety disorder, I'm willing to bet
that the vast majority of people on this
planet at some point in their life are
going to feel intense anxiety. And it's
almost like a it's almost a it's almost
smoking mirrors. It's almost like a a
it it's almost like a basically a bad uh
a false shield, a false sense of
protection for people who don't believe
they're anxious to never have the
motivation or uh the need the quote
unquote need to develop these tools. And
I think unfortunately it doesn't give
enough power that our brains have over
all of us. And so the way I think about
defining mental health, and as you'll
see this with imposters, not every
person that I have on the show is going
to be someone that had, you know,
anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder,
uh, addiction, like those will be some
of the episodes, but some of the
episodes will also be kind of like
mental challenges that were created by
acute challenges in life, like someone
who lost their child or someone who came
from poverty, right? They didn't
necessarily have a diagnosible mental
disorder, but they absolutely had mental
struggle. And so that's my definition of
mental health is more like mental
fitness, which is what are the tools all
of us use to think clearly about this
world and navigate struggles mentally.
You know, what's coming to my mind right
now when you're talking about mental
health also is I just watched the Kanye
West documentary, you know, and he's
diagnosed bipolar, etc. But there's this
interesting line where,
you know, he's captured and and he's
like got this Muhammad Ali energy where
he's like, "I am the greatest. I am a
god." And he's like mentally training
himself in that way to think that way.
And it's actually not that dissimilar
from what I've seen someone like Tony
Robbins do with with other people.
There's a certain amount of that that
mental training to stay fit with that
there's obviously a fine line. I'm
curious how you think about that like
you know if that if anything comes to
mind there.
Yeah, it's a great question because
I've thought a lot about this
and the reason is is I think a lot a lot
of people have for far more confidence
in me and my abilities than I have in
myself. Right? If you were to ask me,
Alex, do you feel successful? Alex, do
you feel like you are really good at the
things that you do?
I'd kind of brush it off. If I'd say no,
I'm like I'm I'm fine in terms of
success. Uh in terms of my abilities,
yeah, there are a few things I'm good
at, but there's a whole lot that I'm not
good at. Right? It's so interesting. I
optimistically look at everything in the
world, but when I look internally, I
look at what's wrong. Right? So I think
to the point of what Kanye is doing uh
without judgment of his own practice I
think this idea of loving kindness uh
this idea of manifestation which people
I think give a lot of to actually
works and the reason I think it works is
at the end of the day the stories that
we tell ourselves dictate our behaviors
for our entire lives. Like literally
like what I'm spending my time on today,
the work that I do, the you know what
you're spending your time on with your
startup with this podcast, it is
dictated by deeply ingrained stories
that were formed earlier in your life,
whether you're conscious of them or
you're not. And so once you understand
the power of story, you also understand
the power it has if you can trick your
brain into new stories. And so like you
know I didn't say this before in my
mental health stack and it's because I
haven't done it recently and you know
bad Alex I need to start doing it again
is
say I used to like every and this sounds
crazy but every day in the shower do
like loving kindness mantras where I
would literally say you know I am
beautiful I am strong I am focused
and I am loving and the reason I would
say that and I would repeat it over and
over for five
is, you know, was I expecting to feel
like super energized after just saying
that? No. But my belief is if you do
that for long enough, you subconsciously
start to believe it. And it changes
biologically how you feel about
yourself. I I really do believe that
because I just think stories at the end
of the day, like language and stories
have such a biological impact on us,
both external stories as well as the
stories we tell ourselves.
Yeah. I would argue stories are
synonymous with beliefs, right? Exactly.
Yeah. Well, listen, uh, before I let you
go, um, with imposttors, so on this
topic, I'm just curious with imposters,
has do you have a dream guest for that
show? Is someone that is at the pinnacle
of this topic for you that you're like,
I got to get so and so on the show?
Yeah, there's there's so many there's so
many. I literally I'm looking at a wish
list now that I wrote the other day and
there's I don't know 50 people on the
wish list. What I will say is I really
before I share you know let's call it my
top three the really interesting thing
is right this is a show about talking
through deep personal struggles of
worldclass performers and how they
navigated their mental health while
excelling in their career. And my hope
in doing this is there's buckets of what
world class looks like. There's business
people and entrepreneurs. There's
actors. There's artists. There's
athletes. Uh there's comedians. There's
chefs. And as I look at my list,
it's probably only 5% business people.
And the reason for that is when I was
building this list, a lot of I went
based off of my own understanding of
people who have been through a lot of
struggle, but I also just did a bunch of
research online slash I went on Twitter
and I said, who are people that you know
have experienced significant mental
health challenges or deep personal
struggles? And in all that research on
this list, there's like four business
people. And I just thought it was a very
interesting thing and it at least
created the question in my mind of why
is possibly the industry still in a
place where business people or
entrepreneurs don't feel permission to
talk about their struggles, their quote
unquote weaknesses that I'd argue
actually are strengths when they talk
about them um and their mental health
journeys. Even though you know we we you
know mental health and mindfulness is so
zeitgeisty. You see more startups
created every day around this industry.
More services are being provided by
companies to their employees. Why are
there not business role models that I
can point to that talk about these
things within the context of business?
You know, someone I'd point to is um is
Elon who actually has talked a fair bit
about the struggles that he had early in
his life. But out and another um that I
would really love to talk to is Ray
Dalio
specifically about how he's processed
the loss of his son in the last few
years. outside of business, you know,
it's I I I think top of the list has to
be either Tyson Fury, uh, the boxer,
who's talked very openly about his
experience with depression, um, or
Simone Biles or Naomi Osaka who've been
very public in their mental health
journey. So, that those are a few of the
many just incredible figures on the
list.
Very cool. Well, I'm super excited for
you and all the things you're working
on. It's always great to catch up. I
really loved this wide ranging
discussion we just had and also touching
on stuff we've really never explored on
this show and I've really enjoyed it.
So, I would love to keep doing this and
keep following up with you and and best
of luck with Imposters. Uh before I let
you go, absolutely hand off to our
audience where they can learn more about
you, the show, anything else you want to
share.
Yeah, uh definitely check out Imposters.
I think yall will will really enjoy the
podcast on any of the podcast players
where you listen uh to audio podcast and
then you can follow me on Twitter uh
business barista and uh really
appreciate you for having me on the show
again. Thanks for watching. Make sure to
subscribe and hit that notification bell
so you don't miss out on our next
podcast episode and new investing
resources.
What are your takeaways and thoughts on
this discussion? Let us know in the
comments section below.